---
ID: 607
post_title: My Story
author: Admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://localhost/my-story/
published: true
post_date: 2019-03-30 21:17:04
---
<div id="pl-607"  class="panel-layout" ><div id="pg-607-0"  class="panel-grid panel-no-style"  data-style="{&quot;background_image_attachment&quot;:false,&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;,&quot;cell_alignment&quot;:&quot;flex-start&quot;}"  data-ratio="1"  data-ratio-direction="right" ><div id="pgc-607-0-0"  class="panel-grid-cell"  data-weight="1" ><div id="panel-607-0-0-0" class="so-panel widget widget_themegrill_flash_heading tg-widget section-title-wrapper panel-first-child panel-last-child" data-index="0" data-style="{&quot;background_image_attachment&quot;:false,&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;}" >[siteorigin_widget class="FT_Widget_Heading"]<input type="hidden" value="{&quot;instance&quot;:{&quot;heading-title&quot;:&quot;My Story&quot;,&quot;subheading&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;so_sidebar_emulator_id&quot;:&quot;themegrill_flash_heading-60710000&quot;,&quot;option_name&quot;:&quot;widget_themegrill_flash_heading&quot;},&quot;args&quot;:{&quot;before_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;div id=\&quot;panel-607-0-0-0\&quot; class=\&quot;so-panel widget widget_themegrill_flash_heading tg-widget section-title-wrapper panel-first-child panel-last-child\&quot; data-index=\&quot;0\&quot; data-style=\&quot;{&amp;quot;background_image_attachment&amp;quot;:false,&amp;quot;background_display&amp;quot;:&amp;quot;tile&amp;quot;}\&quot; &gt;&quot;,&quot;after_widget&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/div&gt;&quot;,&quot;before_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;h3 class=\&quot;widget-title\&quot;&gt;&quot;,&quot;after_title&quot;:&quot;&lt;\/h3&gt;&quot;,&quot;widget_id&quot;:&quot;widget-0-0-0&quot;}}" />[/siteorigin_widget]</div></div></div><div id="pg-607-1"  class="panel-grid panel-no-style"  data-style="{&quot;background_image_attachment&quot;:false,&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;,&quot;cell_alignment&quot;:&quot;flex-start&quot;}"  data-ratio="1"  data-ratio-direction="right" ><div id="pgc-607-1-0"  class="panel-grid-cell"  data-weight="1" ><div id="panel-607-1-0-0" class="so-panel widget widget_sow-editor panel-first-child panel-last-child" data-index="1" data-style="{&quot;background_image_attachment&quot;:false,&quot;background_display&quot;:&quot;tile&quot;}" ><div class="so-widget-sow-editor so-widget-sow-editor-base">
<div class="siteorigin-widget-tinymce textwidget">
	<p>I am a mother of 3 and a breast cancer victor/survivor. I was diagnosed with stage 2 in 2016 something which would have been avoided many years ago. At a tender age, I conceived my first child. While breastfeeding I contracted a Mastitis. Mastitis is an infection in the tissue of one or both of the mammary glands inside the breasts. It usually affects women who are producing milk and breastfeeding. I developed lumps on my breasts which were removed and were non-malignant. The doctor recommended the use of painkillers and antibiotics. Every time I got a child I got mastitis which was not treated the correct way.</p>
<p>I later had some changes in my breasts and went to see a doctor. My breast were leaking a milk like fluid.I did a cytology test, mammogram and hormonal test and the doctor said I had developed fibrocystics and ductal lesions with few calcifications. I was put under vitamin E tablets and the doctor told me that it was fine. After 3 years my breasts began leaking blood. I went to hospital and did a mammogram test where they found cancerous cells and the doctor recommended a ductalgram test. The test showed that I had some calcifications and lumbilated lumps and they ordered a computer guided biopsy. The results came out that the cancer cells were not malignant but I had a ductal lesion problem.</p>
<p>Since the calcifications were many I decided to seek a second opinion. I seeked a second, third and fourth opinion from different oncologists and I was informed that I had cancer though the stage was unknown. I was advised to get a PET scan done to determine the cancer stage.I did so in India and did so many other tests and was determined that it was indeed cancerous.It was at early stage 1-2 and also the ductal lesions had destroyed my breast completely and so it had to be removed.<br />
The reason that I decided to start the foundation is to create awareness. I realized that cancer is attacking my family and also my friends. My son was diagnosed with pothysinemia, a condition that could lead to blood cancer but advised a JAK 2 test to be done. We carried out the tests and thankfully it was not malignant. The doctor advised frequent tests and blood donation to regulate the pH level if the condition persists we should have a bone marrow transplant or stem cell treatment.</p>
<p>I have lost many relatives and friends to cancer and many are cancer survivors. I have accepted my situation and due to my experience, I decided to set up a foundation so as to reach out to the victims/survivors and community at large. We share our stories of cancer and help reduce the stigma associated with cancer. Cancer victims live in denial and do not want to talk about it because of the fear and stigma associated with cancer. They feel it is a death sentence. They live in their own cocoons which leads to depression, high blood pressure and other conditions which hinders recovery.</p>
<p>I hope that the information you find within will assist you, your friends, family and the community at large in the struggle against cancer. Let us come together and join hands in the fight against cancer. It is not a death sentence. It is treatable and curable. Early screening helps in detection and early treatment.</p>
</div>
</div></div></div></div></div>